doc QBFT and update consensus docs (#115)
ConsenSys/doc.goquorum: docs/HowTo/Configure/Consensus-Protocols/IBFT.md

    If more than 1/3 of validators stop participating, new blocks are no longer created, and the network stalls.
    It may take significant time to recover once nodes are restarted.

> Blocks in IBFT protocol are final, which means that there are no forks and any valid block must be somewhere in the main chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks in IBFT protocol are final, meaning there are no forks, and the block must be in the main chain.
```
